README.md, before:

# Asher Jay Portfolio

Modern, Apple-inspired single-page portfolio for Asher Jay — software engineer and gadget vendor. The refreshed theme uses a white, orange, light-orange, cream, and black palette with cinematic gradients and parallax micro-interactions inspired by webenart.com’s flow.

## Getting started

Open `index.html` in your browser to explore the experience. All assets are self-contained (HTML/CSS/JS only).

## Highlights
- Multi-section flow with hero, work showcase, services, device drops, and CTA.
- Parallax tags, tilt-on-hover cards, marquee stack strip, and reveal-on-scroll animations.
- Gradient-heavy, glassmorphism aesthetic tuned for desktop and mobile.

## Resolving merge conflicts without the command line
If GitHub shows a red conflict banner and you cannot use a terminal, use the browser-based editor:

1. Open your pull request and click **Resolve conflicts**.
2. For each file, choose the content you want to keep by deleting the `<<<<<<<`, `=======`, and `>>>>>>>` markers and leaving the final text.
3. Click **Mark as resolved** for that file, then **Commit merge** when all files are resolved.
4. Refresh the PR—once conflicts are cleared the red banner disappears.

If you prefer a desktop app instead of the web UI, click **Open with GitHub Desktop** on the conflict prompt, resolve the files in the editor, commit, and push back to the branch.

Commit message:

Build responsive multipage gadget experience

README.md, after:

# Asher Jay Portfolio

Multi-page, responsive portfolio and gadget catalog with a glossy white/orange/cream/black theme.

## Pages
- **Home**: Overview and quick links.
- **Projects**: Case-study cards.
- **Gadgets**: Catalog fed from `data/products.json`; each product links to its own detail page.
- **Product detail**: Dedicated page per gadget (driven by `slug` query param) with similar items.
- **Search**: Search and filter (category + price) across the catalog with shareable query params.
- **Socials**: Profile link placeholders by platform.
- **Hub**: Blog, maps, and suggestions placeholders.
- **Contact**: Basic mailto form.

## Data & assets
- Gadget data lives in [`data/products.json`](data/products.json). Edit or add products there without touching markup.
- Image placeholders live under [`images/gadgets`](images/gadgets). Replace with your own assets while keeping filenames or updating the JSON paths.

## Running locally
Open any of the HTML files in a browser. For fetch() to work locally, use a simple server:

```bash
python -m http.server 8000
```

Then visit `http://localhost:8000/`.

## Responsiveness & navigation
- Sticky glass navigation with a hamburger menu below 900px.
- Grids collapse to single columns on small screens; typography uses `clamp()` for scaling.
- Dedicated product pages (not popups) and separate search results ensure clean mobile layouts.
